feat: dev/prod profiles for docker-compose (#44)
stadt-bielefeld/bielefeldGEOCLIENT: README.md

#### Dependencies

* docker
* docker-compose

## Start

> Goto the `docker` directory and build the containers (this may take several minutes):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the `docker` directory and build the containers (this may take several minutes):
```

```
docker-compose --profile prod build
```
After completion you can start the application like this, again from the `docker` directory:
```
docker-compose --profile prod up
```

## Documentation

Will be coming soon.

## Development

> To learn how to configure an dev-environment please refer to the [readme for developers](./dev/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to configure a dev-environment please refer to the [readme for developers](./dev/README.md)
```
